Key: 1
gwakrk wak tgu zks iutlogtig tuy uazxuy, tgu rnky vujk mgtngx g iutlogtig.

Key: 2
fvzjqj vzj sft yjr htsknfshf stx tzywtx, sft qmjx utij lfsmfw f htsknfshf.

Key: 3
euyipi uyi res xiq gsrjmerge rsw syxvsw, res pliw tshi kerlev e gsrjmerge.

Key: 4
dtxhoh txh qdr whp frqildqfd qrv rxwurv, qdr okhv srgh jdqkdu d frqildqfd.

Key: 5
cswgng swg pcq vgo eqphkcpec pqu qwvtqu, pcq njgu rqfg icpjct c eqphkcpec.

Key: 6
brvfmf rvf obp ufn dpogjbodb opt pvuspt, obp mift qpef hboibs b dpogjbodb.

Key: 7
aquele que nao tem confianca nos outros, nao lhes pode ganhar a confianca.

Key: 8
zptdkd ptd mzn sdl bnmehzmbz mnr ntsqnr, mzn kgdr oncd fzmgzq z bnmehzmbz.

Key: 9
yoscjc osc lym rck amldgylay lmq msrpmq, lym jfcq nmbc eylfyp y amldgylay.

Key: 10
xnrbib nrb kxl qbj zlkcfxkzx klp lrqolp, kxl iebp mlab dxkexo x zlkcfxkzx.

Key: 11
wmqaha mqa jwk pai ykjbewjyw jko kqpnko, jwk hdao lkza cwjdwn w ykjbewjyw.

Key: 12
vlpzgz lpz ivj ozh xjiadvixv ijn jpomjn, ivj gczn kjyz bvicvm v xjiadvixv.

Key: 13
ukoyfy koy hui nyg wihzcuhwu him ionlim, hui fbym jixy auhbul u wihzcuhwu.

Key: 14
tjnxex jnx gth mxf vhgybtgvt ghl hnmkhl, gth eaxl ihwx ztgatk t vhgybtgvt.

Key: 15
simwdw imw fsg lwe ugfxasfus fgk gmljgk, fsg dzwk hgvw ysfzsj s ugfxasfus.

Key: 16
rhlvcv hlv erf kvd tfewzretr efj flkifj, erf cyvj gfuv xreyri r tfewzretr.

Key: 17
qgkubu gku dqe juc sedvyqdsq dei ekjhei, dqe bxui fetu wqdxqh q sedvyqdsq.

Key: 18
pfjtat fjt cpd itb rdcuxpcrp cdh djigdh, cpd awth edst vpcwpg p rdcuxpcrp.

Key: 19
oeiszs eis boc hsa qcbtwobqo bcg cihfcg, boc zvsg dcrs uobvof o qcbtwobqo.

Key: 20
ndhryr dhr anb grz pbasvnapn abf bhgebf, anb yurf cbqr tnaune n pbasvnapn.

Key: 21
mcgqxq cgq zma fqy oazrumzom zae agfdae, zma xtqe bapq smztmd m oazrumzom.

Key: 22
lbfpwp bfp ylz epx nzyqtlynl yzd zfeczd, ylz wspd azop rlyslc l nzyqtlynl.

Key: 23
kaeovo aeo xky dow myxpskxmk xyc yedbyc, xky vroc zyno qkxrkb k myxpskxmk.

Key: 24
jzdnun zdn wjx cnv lxworjwlj wxb xdcaxb, wjx uqnb yxmn pjwqja j lxworjwlj.

Key: 25
iycmtm ycm viw bmu kwvnqivki vwa wcbzwa, viw tpma xwlm oivpiz i kwvnqivki.

